# Who is Dapper Collectives?
Dapper Collectives is the DAO-brain trust team within Dapper Labs, the company behind NBA Topshot and Flow blockchain, and we are on a mission to bring DAOs and decentralization to the mainstream. That means building open and accessible tooling to empower creators and communities, but it also means opening access up to the building itself for inclusive collaboration. We’re sharing our work, and its rewards, with the world makers of the Flow community.

As we progressively decentralize our stack, we’re empowering creators to contribute to the DAOs On Flow tool set and earn rewards starting now using a bounty system. Opportunities large and small will be made available through our Github page and shared via our Twitter — we recommend giving both a follow to keep up to date as soon as new bounties pop up!

Bounties are claimed with proposals through Github, and full instructions for the process are available on our page. Our goal is to not only provide the community with opportunities but to set contributors up for success with help in reaching bounty milestones and resources spanning design, engineering, and financial support. Contributors will be rewarded for hitting milestones in addition to completing bounties as we chase the shared reward of a more open web for all, together.
# Why is Dapper Collectives making DAOs mainstream?
Dapper Collectives is making DAOs mainstream by focusing on media creators and organizations, or as we like to call them ‘storytellers’. Today we not only live our lives, we write our autobiographies in real time. Our stories are distributed across social media, with video, images, audio and text. By creating tooling that enables everyone to monetize their creative output and to incentivize others to join them in creating better work, we think we can build equitable futures for innovators and the people who contribute to these organizations. We hope you’ll be a part of the effort to build that tooling. 

