# Dapper Collectives Bounty Participation Agreement

We’re pleased to invite you to participate in Dapper Labs’ bounty program (the “Program”) under the terms and conditions in this Bounty Participation Agreement (this “Agreement”). By participating and/or submitting a proposal content in this Program, you agree to the following terms and conditions. 

# Program Design

The Program has two parts:
- Request For Proposals
- Bounty Submission Agreement.

# Request for Proposal
All bounty opportunities will be listed in GitHub. Each bounty will be classified as either Gold, Silver, or Bronze based on priority and reward amount. You will find all of the information associated with each individual bounty in the listings on the notion page. 

New bounties will be shared via GitHub and Twitter as soon as they become available. We recommend following both accounts and turning on alert notifications to stay current on all opportunities.

After finding a bounty opportunity that you wish to pursue, you may seek to claim the bounty by opening an issue in the relevant repo. This proposal should include a PRD write up/tech spec document that includes all team members, necessary team member information (including the contact information of who we should contact if your PRD should be selected), and why your team is best suited for delivering this bounty. Please ensure that your proposal addresses all milestones outlined in the bounty description. 

All PRDs and all other content or materials submitted by you as part of this Program (“Submitted Content”) must be made public and licensed under an OSI-approved license to be considered. You hereby grant and agree to grant the rights to all Submitted Content under terms of the OSI-approved license specified in your PRD. If no license is specified, you hereby grant and agree to grant all such rights under the Apache 2.0 license. The decision of which PRD to select is based on the judgment of the Dapper Collectives engineering team, in their sole discretion.

The first team that submits a claim proposal via GitHub that is approved by the Dapper Collectives engineering team will have the opportunity to progress to the Bounty Submission Agreement stage. At this point, the bounty will be marked as claimed on all platforms. Once the bounty is claimed, we will contact the team whose PRD is approved to enter into a Bounty Submission Agreement. 

To clarify, until such time that you enter into a fully-executed Bounty Submission Agreement with Dapper Collectives, Dapper Labs is under no obligation to compensate you for the public submissions you make during the Request for Proposal period.

# Bounty Submission Agreement
After contacting you, we will assess your eligibility to participate in the Program, based on compliance with applicable law and the ability to successfully pay you through an appropriate payment provider. 

To be eligible to participate in the Program, you must meet a number of requirements including being at least 18 years old or have reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction of primary residence and citizenship, and other requirements as detailed in the Bounty Submission Agreement.

If you meet these eligibility requirements and enter into Bounty Submission Agreement with us, you’ll start working on the Bounty in stages or milestones:

### Milestones
- Each bounty has been separated into four milestone phases. These phases are outlined in the bounty descriptions and may be different for each individual bounty. Our engineering team will guide the milestone check in process across all phases. This communication will remain public on GitHub to ensure transparency of the process. Our goal is to be a helpful resource throughout this process, doing our best to guide and empower the bounty team. Each milestone will need to be approved by our internal teams before moving on to the next phase and/or receiving payment. 

### Submitting for approval
- Similar to claiming a bounty, this approval process will also take place by opening an issue on GitHub inside of the specific bounty’s repo. Each milestone phase has its own set of objectives and methods of approval. Our internal team will work through the auditing and QA process, as necessary, and provide feedback. There will be an opportunity to discuss and resolve any issues found during the approval process. If an issue is discovered, we will discuss a timeline for the issue to be addressed and resolved before deeming the milestone unachieved. This will be decided on a case by case basis. 
- If you fail, or have a poor performance at second and third milestones, you will get a chance to address issues once and have a follow-up review. If that follow-up review isn't satisfactory, you will be compensated a "kill fee" for work completed, turn over your work to date, and the bounty can be reassigned to a new team. This will be decided on a case by case basis. 

### Once your bounty milestone is approved
- If you’re at this stage, congratulations! This means your work has been approved and you will be rewarded with the corresponding bounty amount. We will work with you to provide payment in accordance with the Bounty Submission Agreement.

### What happens if a team claims a bounty and then becomes unresponsive?
- We hope this never happens, but in case it does, we’ve developed a tiered approach to give the team a chance to respond before removing their claim on the bounty. If a team has been unreachable and not made any form of official contact with anyone from our engineering team for two weeks then they will be labeled as “on alert.” This designation will be communicated from our team. If an additional two weeks passes, reaching a total of four weeks, with no contact or updates then the bounty claim will be revoked from your team, your work will be forfeited, and the bounty opportunity will be made available to the general public again.

**If you have any questions** that are not answered here, please reach out to us on Twitter (@DapperCollectives) or to our team member Sage (xoxosageygal#0051) in the Flow/Flowverse discord.

# General Terms
Teams that are eligible to receive payments may be required in Dapper’s sole discretion to complete relevant tax forms as a condition of payment.
A prospective PRD may be disqualified from the Program if the participants fail to comply with any provision of these Program terms and conditions, as determined in the sole discretion of Dapper. Participation in the Program is at each entrant’s own risk. Dapper shall not be liable for: (1) failed, returned or misdirected notifications based on inaccurate information provided by the winner in connection with an entry; (2) entries and responses to winner notifications which are lost, late, incomplete, illegible, unintelligible, postage-due, misdirected, damaged or otherwise not received by the intended recipient in whole or in part or for computer or technical error of any kind; (3) any electronic miscommunications or failures, technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit an entrant's ability to participate in the Program; (4) any technical malfunctions of the telephone network, computer on-line system, computer equipment, software, program malfunctions or other failures, delayed computer transactions or network connections that are human, mechanical or technical in nature, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device related to or resulting from downloading the App or otherwise in connection with this Program; or (5) any warranty with respect to any reward or any component thereof. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, DAPPER AND/OR ITS VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR (A) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS), (B) DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, AND/OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND SUCH PARTIES’ REASONABLE CONTROL.
By entering the Program, you agree to and hereby do release and hold harmless Dapper and their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, and representatives from any damage, injury, death, loss, claim, action, demand, or other liability (collectively, “Claims”) that may arise from your acceptance, possession and/or use of any payment or your participation in this Program, or from any misuse or malfunction of any payments awarded, regardless of whether such Claims, or knowledge of the facts constituting such Claims, exist at the time of entry or arise at any time thereafter. Any person attempting to defraud or in any way tamper with this Program may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Dapper reserves the right to modify this Agreement in any way or at any time. Dapper reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel or suspend this Program should viruses, bugs or other causes beyond their control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the Program. In the event of cancellation or suspension, Dapper shall promptly post a notice on Dapper’s website to such effect. This Program shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. By participating in this Program, you agree that any dispute or litigation arising from or relating to this Program shall be determined by binding arbitration only in San Francisco, CA by and under the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dapper may seek equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. If any provision of these rules is held to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these rules otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
